Update README.md (#3)
PickNikRobotics/tool_changing: README.md

# MoveGroup Tool Changing capability

> Description: A package that add a move group capability to dynamically enable any of the loaded end-effectors, and a planning request adapter to make sure only the enabled end-effector is being used for planning. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: This package adds a MoveGroupCapability to dynamically switch between a set of configured end-effectors. A separate PlanningRequestAdapter makes sure that only the enabled end-effector is being used for planning. 
```

<img src="https://picknik.ai/assets/images/logo.jpg" width="100">

[![Build and Test](https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/tool_changing/actions/workflows/build_and_test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/tool_changing/actions/workflows/build_and_test.yaml)

## Installation

> These instructions assume you are running on Ubuntu 20.04, rolling, and the latest MoveIt2 main branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions assume you are running on Ubuntu 20.04, rolling, and the latest MoveIt 2 main branch:
```
